# Brown Dwarf Simulation Code
MASS FETCH:
- Name: mass_f(x, m1, m2, alpha)
    Quick Look: Returns a Inverse Mass CDF Value for a given random value, with parameters of maximum and minimum mass, as well as a given power.
    Called exclusively by inverse_power()
    Inputs:
    (float) x - random value between 0 and 1, including 0, generated by random.random()
    (float) m1 - low mass cutoff
    (float) m2 - high mass cutoff
    (float) alpha - power law exponent
    Outputs:
    (float) - Inverse Mass CDF Value [Solar Masses]
- Name: inverse_power(alpha, n)
    Quick Look: Returns a list of lists of Inverse Mass CDF Values for a given integer as well as a given power, each list with a differing low mass cutoff.
    Called exclusively by main()
    Inputs:
    (int) n - number of samples in each list
    (float) alpha - power law exponent
    Outputs:
    (List) - 3 Lists of Inverse Mass CDF Values [Solar Masses]
AGE FETCH:
- Name: constf(x, a1, a2)
    Quick Look: Returns a Constant Inverse Age CDF Value for a given random value, with parameters of maximum and minimum age.
        Called by const_time_inverse_cdf(), late_burst_inverse(), and late_const_time_inverse_cdf().
    Inputs:
    (float) x - random value between 0 and 1, including 0, generated by random.random()
    (float) a1 - low age cutoff
    (float) a2 - high age cutoff
    Outputs:
    (float) - Constant Inverse Age CDF Value [Unit: Gyr]
- Name: const_time_inverse_cdf(n)
    Quick Look: Returns a list Constant Inverse Age CDF Values for a given integer.
    Called exclusively by main()
    Inputs:
    (int) n - number of samples in each list
    Outputs:
    (List) - Constant Inverse Age CDF Values [Gyr]
- Name: ins_f(x, m, b)
    Quick Look: Returns an Inside Out Inverse Age CDF Value for a given random value, with parameters of maximum and minimum age.
        Called by inside_out_time_inverse(), and late_burst_inverse().
    Inputs:
    (float) x - random value between 0 and 1, including 0, generated by random.random()
    (float) m - slope of approximating line for inside out function (set in inside_out_time_inverse() and late_burst_inverse() as 0.03)
    (float) b - y-intercept of approximating line for inside out function (set in inside_out_time_inverse() and late_burst_inverse() as 0.36)
    Outputs:
    (float) - Constant Inverse Age CDF Value [Gyr]
- Name: inside_out_time_inverse(n)
    Quick Look: Returns a list Inside Out Inverse Age CDF Values for a given integer.
        Called exclusively by main()
    Inputs:
    (int) n - number of samples in each list
    Outputs:
    (List) - Inside Out Inverse Age CDF Values
- Name: late_burst_inverse(n)
    Quick Look: Returns a list Late Burst Inverse Age CDF Values for a given integer. Calls ins_f() and constf() since the late burst is a mixture of both.
        Called exclusively by main()
    Inputs:
    (int) n - number of samples in each list
    Outputs:
    (List) - Late Burst Inverse Age CDF Values
- Name: late_const_time_inverse_cdf(n)
    Quick Look: Returns a list Constant Inverse Age CDF Values for a given integer, between 8 and 10 Gyr of age. Calls constf().
        Called exclusively by main()
    Inputs:
    (int) n - number of samples in each list
    Outputs:
    (List) - Constant Inverse Age CDF Values [Gyr]
MODEL FETCH:
- Name: get_sonora()
    Quick Look: Returns a list of lists of the reference values for age, mass, and temperatures based on the Sonora evolutionary model.
    Output:
    (List) - 3 Lists of age, mass, and temperature respectively of the reference values from the source file, "nc+0.0_co1.0_age.txt".
- Name: get_2008()
    Quick Look: Returns a list of lists of the reference values for age, mass, and temperatures based on the Saumon & Marley 2008 evolutionary model.
    Output:
    (List) - 3 Lists of age, mass, and temperature respectively of the reference values from the source file, "sm_hybrid_age.txt".
- Name: get_baraffe()
    Quick Look: Returns a list of lists of the reference values for age, mass, and temperatures based on the Baraffe evolutionary model.
    Output:
    (List) - 3 Lists of age, mass, and temperature respectively of the reference values from the source file, "baraffe.txt".

